Now That’s What I Call REAL ULTIMATE HR!
Published on March 26, 2008.
I met a recruiter from this company called imo.im last week at the Mpowered career fair on North Campus.
Basically, the event was a career fair for startup companies.
For some reason, some really big companies were there as well.
I think I saw NEC…
Anyway, imo.im is some sort of web-based IM client, kind of like Meebo.
I even asked the recruiter something like, “I’m sure you get asked this a lot, but this company is like Meebo, right?”
Anyway, it seems the claim to fame for imo.im is that they’re financed almost exclusively by one of the first 10 employees of Google.
This post isn’t really about their company though.
It’s about their HR!
There were a bunch of t-shirts on the table.
I, being a t-shirt connoisseur, especially of the company shwag type, asked if I could have one.
“But they’re reserved for interviewees,” the HR person Marissa Huang told me.
She also said she could mail me one when she gets back to their headquarters, since they have a lot.
I gave her my contact info and figured I’d never get the shirt.
Here’s a story!
When I went to interview at Google, they said I’d get some kind of awesome bag with Google related goodies in it.
Like shirts and lava lamps and whatnot.
Maybe not lava lamps.
Anyway, it was supposed to be in my hotel room but I never got it.
After the HR person at Google asked for my address for them to mail it, I felt that I’d get the stuff for sure, but I never did.
It was like adding insult to the injury of not hiring me.
By the way, I’ve fully recovered and hold no ill will towards the big G. Just throwing out this story to prove a point: why would imo.im go to the trouble of sending me a shirt when I didn’t even interview with them?
But they did.
And it came today.
Which is why I award imo.im the official “Hung Truong Company Shwag Award Seal of Approval!”
I don’t know if something can be both an award AND a seal of approval at the same time, but whatever.
There was also a nice hand-written note in the package, which is unheard of as far as corporate HR goes.
But imo.im is a startup, so I guess that makes them different.
Anyway, thanks, imo.im , for the t-shirt.
As a bonus, I’m even not adding a rel=”nofollow” to my links to you! Rock on!